chore: publish canary releases on CI for master branch (#243)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Moving the `latest` dist-tag to a release:

After testing the `next` release on a production project, if the version is **stable** it can be finally movede to the `latest` distribution channel.

```bash
$ yarn release-to-latest
```

The command will promote the version published on `next` to the `latest` npm dist-tag, for each package.

## Canary releases

On `master` branch, we automatically publish **canary** releases from CI to the `canary` distribution channel, _after_ the build runs successfully.

> Canary releases are useful to test early changes that are not yet released. Usually, they run for each Pull Request merged, as we squash the commits into one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Canary releases are useful to test early changes that should not yet be released to `next` or `latest`. They are automatically triggered and released after a pull request merged into `master`. Please prefer squash merging for a clean commit history on `master`.
```

> NOTE that canary releases won't create git tags and version bump commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Note that canary releases __will not create git tags and version bump commits__.
```
